Add missing page description metadata (#260)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/vcs.mdx

---
page_title: VCS Connections - Workspaces - Terraform Cloud
description: >-

>   Learn how to connect a workspace to a version control system repository that contains a Terraform configuration in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Learn how to use the web UI to connect a workspace to a version control system repository that contains Terraform configuration.
```
